michael.github.io
===================
i'm old. so at this point, the exercise is reduced to seeing if i can create an <a href="http://indiewebcamp.com/" target="_blank">indieweb-ish</a> presence -- inspired by <a href="http://indiewebcamp.com/projects#Jekyll" target="_blank">these awesome keepers of the flame</a> -- that goes on after i'm gone, without demanding payment by progeny for upkeep. the domain name <a href="http://michael.silverton.palo-alto.ca.us" target="_blank">michael.silverton.palo-alto.ca.us</a> is an historical artifact from the days of <a href="http://www.faqs.org/rfcs/rfc1591.html" target="_blank">RFC 1591</a>, when, "The major concern in selecting a designated manager for a domain is that it be able to carry out the necessary responsibilities, and have the ability to do a <em>equitable, just, honest, and competent job<sup>[1]</sup></em>;" and everyone was assured a free domain name in .us TLD space; so the domain should continue to operate for the life of this internet, as we currently know it. for the record, nobody was ever supposed to "own" the .us TLD. the internet was created with public dollars and it was supposed to be an infinite cyberspace trust for humanity. now, we're in a battle to salvage that legacy that may already be far too late.

btw, if you can find the usenet archives, you'll discover that ICANN was almost named INDRA (i might have been silverton@shaolin.stanford.edu at the time; or maybe it was earlier) anyway, INDRA, the name i created and advocated because of the obviously cool (to me, anyway) metaphysical overlap with the engineering leadership body that was never supposed to become "owned" by any clique, but always open to public participation and guidance, was not to be. Internet Named Domain Registration Authority (INDRA) was out voted by the hard science crowd. you know, the ones who claim to have it all figured out with their glorious Standard Model which explains a grand total of about 5% of WTF. obviously, the scientific method is the best we've found so far for explicating WTF, but with 95% left to figure out, it might be justifiable to keep an open mind for new avenues of inquiry, wouldn't you think?

[1] how quaint.
